hey everyone Chris came here for the
photographer calm and today we're
talking about the phottix ETTL wireless
triggers for Canon EOS DSLR cameras
right here is the transmitter and this
is one of the receivers on a Canon 430
ex2 and this is another one of the
receivers on a Canon of 580 ex2 now just
to clarify there are the same receivers
but they're just on different excuse me
different flashes just to show you guys
a little bit of how versatile they are
so let's take a closer look at the
transmitter the transmitter for the
camera is actually very it's built okay
I mean when you squeeze it it feels like
there's a little bit of air inside but
it's okay for the most part here's a USB
interface cable where you can update the
firmware and it screws onto your camera
like this you walk that way you want
walk that way
and here's where you put the batteries
in
now you have a whole bunch of different
buttons here but this is how you turn
the little unit on you hold this down
for a bit and then it comes on and now I
want to let's say everything is on the
channel a with my flashes and I want to
probably boost the TTL a little bit so
I'm going to say select and I'm going to
go plus up to three stops or I can turn
it down all the way to three negative
three stops and you do have to hold the
buttons you do have to keep pressing
them rather in order for them to work
correctly and then I'll press select
again I can go into B excuse me channel
B I have a call then channel C sorry
Group A B or C and then I can change my
channels channel one two three eight and
for Europe you have up to four channels
and then you come back so
if I want to shoot in manual mode for my
flashes what I could do instead so I
just hit select I press mode and then
I'm manual and I can adjust I usually
shoot in quarter power with my beauty
dish so that's what I'm gonna be at
right now then I go they're there
they're there
now I want to go back I would have
change that back heel so there and mode
it's disabled and now it's in no and
there you go now if I hit option I can
control the ratios now I go back if I
hit mode I get nothing
if I hit zoom I can change the
millimeters manually which is really
cool and if you heard that just now my
flash actually just adjusted itself and
now here's the really really cool part
so let's say that you know what I'm
gonna put these upon my this on my canon
5d mark ii right now let's say that I
wanted to shoot in high-speed sync with
my flushes so if I want to get with a
pocket wizard what I would have to
actually actually do is I have to go
into the menus
well pocket wizard or some other radio
triggers I have to go into the menus I
go to external speed light control flash
functions flash mode manual flash
shutter speed and then I switch it up to
high-speed sync and then it's fine so
for argument's sake we're just gonna
switch this back now it's a neat detail
Cole now here's the cool thing about the
photo text triggers you can control
pretty much all that from this little
commander right here now let's say that
I want to go in high speed flash sync
right now Suz little button right here
now I'm in high speed flash sync and now
I can actually shoot all the way up to
an eight thousandth of a second
if I want to and I'll have no problems
at all it's really really cool
I love love love that feature because it
allows me to really use everything on
the fly and also if you hit the like
button right here it activates the light
and I'm gonna get out a high-speed flash
sync mode and it made my 430ex to go off
like crazy so right now also I'm gonna
show you guys this this is the receiver
and here's it channel here's sorry group
a B or C they can be changed just like
that on off this little button up here
at this little light up here rather
tells you that it's on and ready to be
used and then over here you have channel
1 2 3 4 USB interface DC in and then to
lock them in you have the hot shoe right
there oh and down at the bottom you have
the battery tour which I'm not even
gonna bother to try to open it right now
and that's how you attach it to let's
say a white stand or something like that
but either way the phottix wireless
trackers are really really cool I really
really highly recommend them and they're
available for around 3:30 for the
commander and one of the receivers and
then one of the receivers by itself is
about 1:30 so that's it that's my quick
demo of the phottix wireless triggers
and you can read the entire review on
the foot blog refer comm thanks a lot
guys and see you around